on february    ,      , he piloted a replica of alexander graham bell ' s silver dart , from the ice on baddeck bay , cape breton island , nova scotia .  the flight commemorated the centennial of the first flight in canada and the british empire .  due to poor weather conditions expected on february    ,      , the flight occurred one day before the actual centenary of the original silver dart ' s flight .  since      tryggvason has been teaching pre - study phase academics , fixed wing academics ground school and flight test instrumentation at the international test pilots school . 
  ' casas grandes municipality  '  is located in the northern mexican state of chihuahua .  the municipal seat is the town of casas grandes , chihuahua . 
people educated at monkton combe school
women in italy
  shire_district                basingstoke and deane
documentary films about american politics
#        jun       uploaded     ( west pier , brighton .      janurary      , after the collapse , but before the fire ) 
burials at west point cemetery
 in the south porch summarises the history of the church . 
  higher             nişan - i imtiyaz
defunct football competitions in egypt 
  goals          pemberton browne 
 die antwoord  ( za ) 
the large town ' s position on the estuary of the river touques was ideal for the establishment of a constructed harbour to supplement the fishing docks of trouville - sur - mer . 
   in future , yes , this kind of question should go there .  i don ' t think there is any need to move this one over , though , i doubt they ' ll have a better answer that it has already got .   -  -   ( talk )        ,    october       ( utc ) 
    -  policy  -  standards that all users should normally follow
  iron  bob fouts  drums , percussion
  pushpin_relief           yes
 the immigration services tribunal  ( amendment )  rules  ( si     /     ) 
de laferrère came from one of argentina ' s leading patrician families .  he was of partial french descent although on his mother ' s side his ancestors included encarnación ezcurra , the wife of juan manuel de rosas . 
 please provide  information for references/footnotes .  see also   templates like  and  may be useful here . 
lawyers in ontario
  subdivision_type    county
   command and logistic company  ( ccl ) 
  mascot              panther
   melet  ( mesudiye ) 
jeff tuche  ( played by jean - paul rouve )  is initially delighted with the news that the new tgv is passing near his village bouzolles , but then discovers to his horror that the tgv will not have a stop in  bouzolles .  so he pleads with the french president of the republic to reconsider the itinerary of the new tgv so that his village doesn ' t remain in isolation from the world .  but not hearing from the élysée , he decides to run for the french presidential election and succeeds becoming the french president , leaving him with the daunting task of how to govern france . 
  rd  - team       ' radnički belgrade  '  
  the above discussion is preserved as an archive of the debate .     ' please do not modify it .   '  subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s  or in a  )  .  no further edits should be made to this page .   
 year start           
populated places in bolu province
  list of airline holding companies
   ' delete both  '   .  stations constantly change which affiliated countdown show they play , so the list would be extremely hard to update .  i can ' t even think of a way to verify it .  ten pound hammer , his otters and a clue - bat •  (  •  •  )        ,    april       ( utc ) 
 from    /  /     till    /  /     color  peasants text  alexandru vaida - voevod
the following players received wildcards into the singles main draw 
   former schools   
  the above discussion is preserved as an archive of the debate .     ' please do not modify it .   '  subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s talk page or in a  )  .  no further edits should be made to this page .   
      maureen turnbull
  incidentally , i took a look at the fascinating video linked by f , which predicts that it will be possible to identify the winner of the election by   pm pacific time .   that would be    pm eastern time tuesday .   i found the video plausible , though i would not be surprised if it took at least a couple hours longer .     ( talk )        ,   november       ( utc ) 
 https //web . archive . org/web/              /http //www . dsi . gov . tr/baraj/baraj_arama . cfm dsi directory , state hydraulic works  ( turkey )  , retrieved december    ,     
cruiserweight boxers
radio station logos 
   cross - reference   
   notable reporting and projects   
  align  left  style  background  #faecc    †                            .                                
  clubs     korona kielce
in      , governor miriam a .  ferguson appointed her as secretary of state .  ferguson and grigsby were the first female governor and secretary of state in texas .  among her recommendations during the position was the creation of a civil service system for the state  she also oversaw the restoration and cataloguing of state historical records .  she also recommended that position be modified from how it was set out in the state ' s      constitution , including a higher salary and being changed from an appointed position to an elected position . 
  in britain  -         ( https //web . archive . org/web/              /http //www . rfp - europe . eu/index . cfm ? id         report for the european council of religious leaders meeting in birmingham  -        ) 
parameter namevaluemeaning
percival ' s studies were delayed in      when he decided to volunteer for service with the archangel command of the british military mission during the north russia campaign of the russian civil war .  acting as second - in - command of the   th royal fusiliers , he earned a bar to his dso in august , when his attack in the gorodok operation along the dvina netted     red army prisoners .  the citation reads 
  charles paakkari – engineer
this species occurs in the pacific ocean off mazatlan , mexico
  episode_list           list of rules of engagement episodes
#      -    -              ( utc )   user   ( talk  -            )  to balloon  (  diff  -   undo )   -  link  www . remuseum . org . uk/specialism/rem_spec_aero . htm .   user is on global   cluebot     ( bots don ' t have a coi )  
  competition format  
  ' haggerston park  '  is an open space in haggerston , in the london borough of hackney .  it is bounded by whiston road  ( to the north )  , hackney road  ( south )  and st saviour ' s priory , queensbridge road  ( west )  and goldsmith ' s row  ( east )  .   in recent years hackney council has used it as a land bank , appropriating almost   % of the public space for educational use . 
  daman and diu
   utc_offset_dst   + 
and , for yet another member of the woe is petri cult , what got petri banned the first time was his over the top ethno - fascist et al .  rantings . 
     sep        hitachi magic wand ga nominated by  was promoted  
the clampitt site was listed in the national register of historic places in      . 
     ' breakthrough  '  — a publication that changed scientific knowledge significantly
  set - w/l -     -  
    reviewed     (   of   ) 
       reporting statistics of link fergie - ringtones . com    records . 
 week  -    - color   d
# russian journal of electrochemistry
  specifically list of lner locomotives as of    december     
  the floodwaters , which were   feet  (   .   m )  deep in places , also flooded thousands of cars .  many were stranded in their houses , forcing them to use canoes or inflatable rafts to move to higher grounds .    -  -  isn ' t the cars part kind of obvious , especially if you have people stranded in their homes ?  perhaps you can change it to something like  the floodwaters , which were   feet  (   .   m )  deep in places , stranded many in their houses , forcing them to use canoes  .  .  .   ? 
italian - language operas
 jason barron – engineering assistance
  ep       procession of monsters  ( pass parade )  
 note   this debate has been included in the  .   talk       ,    september       ( utc ) 
  elliott gould as reuben tishkoff
  user compare report  auto - generated every hour .  
 this template is compatible with the following userbox templates 
  external links  
  rd  - score   -    
  rd  - score   -     '    ' 
  tyson walter
  party    venstre  ( denmark ) 
  kmaz - lp , a low - power radio station  (     .   fm )  licensed to serve houston , texas , united states
railway stations in balochistan , pakistan
  ecce homo rembrandt van rijn  (  rembrandt van rijn ) 
  grid_ref   st            
films shot in mexico
wikipedia categories named after malaysian television programmes 
politics of georgia  ( country ) 
 deputyminister _pfo     state minister for reconstruction
the parish of market deeping falls within the diocese of lincoln and the town ' s anglican church is dedicated to st guthlac .  it is situated on church street .  the catholic church of st mary and guthlac is on  hereward way  .  there is also a methodist and a baptist church . 
#ishq se ishq	
 -  -  -  -  
   ' jyaki - gun - oh  ' 
  editor interaction utility
 václav pichl  (     –     )  , czech classical composer . 
  metro field
australian domestic limited - overs cricket tournament seasons 
  parent              santander group
   ' kasturi   '  is a    - hour infotainment channel broadcasting in kannada - language .  based in bengaluru , karnataka , india , the channel is a part of kasthuri medias pvt .  ltd . 
   list of accolades received by her  ( film )  uses  .  -  -   ( talk )        ,    january       ( utc ) 
    the government of canada ' s terminology and linguistic data bank
  metabolism   extensive hepatic  ( through cyp a  and cyp c 
       ghanshyam anuragi , samajwadi party
 attendance             ,   
  draft_team   st .  louis blues
   born to run 
buffalo bisons  ( minor league )  players
  rd  - score   -    
wu jinglian  research fellow for the development research center of the state council
buildings and structures in northampton county , virginia
 gervais ii , lord of château - du - loir
until july    ,      , a premium up to  , under the bonus - malus system , was granted for the purchase of new cars with  emissions of    g/km or less which benefited all - electric cars and any plug - in hybrid with such low emissions .  vehicles emitting up to     g/km or less , such as conventional hybrids and natural gas vehicles , were granted up to  .  the incentive could not exceed   % of the sales price including vat , increased with the cost of the battery if it is rented . 
  i like the first one , of him tweeting as opposed to the other two labelled as responding to tweets .    ( talk )        ,    june       ( utc ) 
   ' keep  '  there is no questions that there should be a jewish psychologists category .  jewishness is both ethnicity and religion , and is unique in that way .  there are categories for jewish painters , scientists , philosophers , architects , actors etc etc , so what ' s all the fuss about ?  there is no questions that freud and frankl are at least as jewish as einstein if not more because their work was actually informed by their jewishness .        ,    january       ( utc ) 
       suspected sockpuppets       
   solo artist   
qatari second division players
  henri cambon , françoise cambon , christelle bellec , jacqueline duroc , jacques juloux .   une femme peintre au pouldu , andrée lavieille  (     –     )   .  lelivredart ,      . 
pollin dismisses the first of these , as have most later biographers , arguing that imlay had access to her mother ' s writings and godwin ' s  memoirs of the author of a vindication of the rights of woman  which openly discuss the circumstances of her birth .  imlay herself even makes this distinction in letters to her half - sister mary godwin . 
meanwhile , supplies had run low in the prussian camp in bohemia , and frederick ' s forces were gradually pushed back by austrian probes .  on    september , prince charles ' s army staged a surprise attack on frederick ' s camp near the village of soor  the resulting battle of soor nonetheless ended in a solid prussian victory , despite the austrian surprise and superior numbers .  after this , the prussians withdrew again into upper silesia for the winter , driving out the austrian light troops that had entered the region ahead of prince charles ' s main force . 
 sr    so	hancock
slavery in the united states 
  external links  
         ' spanglew  '  was proposed for deletion .  this page is an archive of the discussion about the proposed deletion .  this page is no longer live .  further comments should be made on the article ' s talk page rather than here so that this page is preserved as an historic record .  the result of the debate was   ' delete  '  .    at least    votes to delete  nominator ' s comment expressed uncertainty .          ,   nov       ( utc ) 
lithuanian female chess players
  team     maccabi bnot ashdod
not much coverage in  .  almost sourced by self - crafted sources .  fails to verify per  .  fails  .  created by spa  .    '   ( talk )   '        ,    october       ( utc ) 
 want to help on next month ' s newsletter ?  don ' t want to receive these in future ?  don ' t want it subst ' d next time ?     
file keeriparai  -  forest stream . jpg jungle stream at keeriparai
  ' comment  '   i refactored all of the massive discussion back to the talk page again .   rasputinaxp          ,    april       ( utc ) 
 timezone_dst             gmt
  th - century scottish actresses 
 bye   athlete not required to compete in round
    × g m e  ( mxy  mothership )  ,  × mxy   ( attack )   allies carrier task force off okinawa . 
  johnny grande – piano 
  rd  - seed   
#  take me back into your heart   ( gene autry , fred rose )  –     
dark wave
people by city in switzerland
the building itself was  by  .  the building was held up by a steel framework  . 
     in tunisia
  giants in the land
    i ' m afraid this is time - consuming and we shouldn ' t make it so difficult to correct errors , but inevitably editors that work on behalf of the article - subject tend to attempt to correct errors , and in the process add promotion , then get their edits reverted and the whole process is very frustrating , so it is better to explain the errors clearly and make it easy for us to correct them . 
the miniatures in the  libro de juegos  vary between half -  and full - page illustrations .  the half - page miniatures typically occupy the upper half of a  , with text explaining the game  problem  solved in the image occupying the bottom half .  the back or second  ( verso )  side of folio   , in a half - page illustration , depicts the initial stages of the creation of the  libro de juegos  , accompanied by text on the bottom half of the page , and the front or first  ( recto )  side of folio   depicts the transmission of the game of chess from an indian philosopher - king to three followers .  the full - page illustrations are almost exclusively on the verso side of later folios and are faced by accompanying text on the recto side of the following folio .  the significance of the change in miniature size and placement may indicate images of special emphasis , could merely function as a narrative or didactic technique , or could indicate different artisans at work in alfonso ' s scriptorium as the project developed over time . 
  rd  - seed    /wc
   boston globe  article concerning the pettitt ' s boston production of bizet ' s  pearl fishers  , by richard dyer , sat jan    ,      . 
#the image meets general wikipedia content requirements and is encyclopedic . 
there are traditional high - rise   ' halls  '  , with students grouped by floors , sharing a gender - specific bathroom with    -    others .  buildings of this sort include  dykstra hall , hedrick hall , rieber hall , and sproul hall .  recently , the   ' deluxe residential hall  '  format has also been introduced , which has some features of the residential plaza , such as more spacious rooms and a thermostat in each room to control air - conditioning .  this configuration is found in the new buildings of de neve gardenia way , de neve holly ridge , sproul cove , and sproul landing . 
 john henry bufford
  ' malek rud  '   (  , also romanized as   ' malek rūd  '   also known as   ' malek rūd - e pā ' īn  '  and   ' malek rūd - e vasaţ  '  )  is a village in khara rud rural district , in the central district of siahkal county , gilan province , iran .  at the      census , its population was     , in     families . 
 https //www . amazon . co . uk/david - baldwin/e/b   hcuqoa/ref ntt_athr_dp_pel_pop_  author page at amazon . com 
  ' davyhulme  '  is an area of trafford , greater manchester , england .  historically in lancashire , it is contiguous with the town of urmston .  the population of the two trafford wards at the      census was   ,    . 
image will lammert  -  am brunnen i  (      )  . jpg  am brunnen  ,     	
		 edition ,
the result of the discussion was    ' delete  '   deleted as  by  ⚡       ,    march       ( utc ) 
  a study of the type locality of the mineral ikaite
chomsky , then , apparently felt that a number of his colleagues were no better than nazi scientists .  in order to maintain his moral and political integrity , knight argues , chomsky resolved to limit his cooperation to pure linguistic theory of such an abstract kind that it could not conceivably have any military use .  
  congress to issue legal greenbacks . 
 walter hohmann observatory
endemic moths of south africa
new york jets players
  brainwave  ( comics )  , a name shared by two dc comics characters , father and son , supervillain henry king sr .  and superhero henry king jr . 
      they can be reliable , they ' re just considered primary sources per  , and per   do not contribute toward proving the notability of a subject  .   -  -   ( talk )        ,    july       ( utc ) 
 https //web . archive . org/web/              /http //www . giantbomb . com/cyberdemon/   -     / cyberdemon at giant bomb
   stoned , part i  , a      album by lewis taylor
durham , darlington and tees , hambleton , richmondshire and whitby formed a sustainability and transformation plan area in march      with alan foster the chief executive of  north tees and hartlepool nhs foundation trust as its leader .   the plan proposes to tackle the projected     /   deficit of £    million with efficiency savings mostly coming from the reconfiguration of hospital services  ( £    .   million )  . 
  jeffrey , e .  c .   coal and civilization .        . 
  youthyears                –    
  ' muhammad mansur ali  '   (       january      –    november      )  was a bangladeshi politician who was a close confidante of sheikh mujibur rahman , the founding leader of bangladesh .  a senior leader of the awami league , mansur also served as the prime minister of bangladesh in      . 
  protected areas of victoria
  career statistics  
  amy   (      ) 
   ' delete  '  or   ' redirect  '  to either william j .  ruane or the middle east  ( nightclub )  .  i agree that the article fails  and  .  i have read sources and agree with  this cited source which describes mr ruane as  a small - time nightclub impresario  .  as the nominator argued , eulogies and similar death notices are not always dispositive of the question of notability .    ( talk )        ,   october       ( utc ) 
melodifestivalen contestants
   jefferson county clerk of courts
  possibly during mieszko i ' s reign poland began minting its own coin , the denarius . 
   ' delete  '   -  too far down the food chain  -  an administrator in charge of a district of a county ? 
  the following discussion is an archived debate of the proposed deletion of the media below .    ' please do not modify it .   '   subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the media ' s  or in a  )  .   no further edits should be made to this section .    
   stadiums and locations   
 clubs    universidad de chile 
   tv drama serial   
of the twelve local sheep breeds present in the veneto fifty years ago , only four survive .  the alpagota was identified by the european community as a local breed at risk in the early     s , and in      received pat status under the name  pecora alpagota  . 
west ukrainian people ' s republic
         march         }}
diffs of the user ' s reverts 
  further reading  
  iraq petroleum company
  wikibooks search
   football league second division   
  clubs            gandzasar kapan
  occupation              actor
 by country ,     
let  m  be a smooth manifold and let  x  be a point in  m  .  let  i  x  be the ideal of all functions in c∞ (  m  )  vanishing at  x  , and let  i  x   be the set of functions of the form \sum_i f_i g_i\, , where  f  i  ,  g  i  ∈  i  x  .  then  i  x  and  i  x   are real vector spaces and the cotangent space is defined as the quotient space  t  x   m     i  x  /  i  x   . 
synthetic zeolites hold some key advantages over their natural analogues .  the synthetic materials are manufactured in a uniform , phase - pure state .  it is also possible to produce zeolite structures that do not appear in nature .  zeolite a is a well - known example .  since the principal raw materials used to manufacture zeolites are silica and alumina , which are among the most abundant mineral components on earth , the potential to supply zeolites is virtually unlimited . 
 pattern_la    _darkblueborder
   whitton athletic   
  acceleration         .   km/h/s
in      he was awarded house beautiful ' s giants of design award and in      he received the metropolitan home modernism award .  
   ' delete  '  .  reason quoted by the proposer is wrong  -  see my comment  -  but delete on the basis that my initial response on seeing the name is  anti - abortion what ?    -  i . e .  on the grounds the cat is poorly named to the point that it is useless .         ,    december       ( utc ) 
cook achieved his first solo hit in      , featuring his future beats international member mc wildski , called  blame it on the bassline  .  credited to  norman cook feat .  mc wildski  , the song followed the basic template of what was to come in the style of the music of beats international .  it became a modest hit in the uk singles chart , reaching number    . 
  h  - length - m      
  don ' t worry about it  such edits are normally  within a very short space of time by dedicated  and article watchers .  cheers !           ,    january       ( utc ) 
films directed by francis veber
  san marino  ( city )  
 from what i see , looks like you are off to a good start .  however , i would suggest making sure that you have enough different dyk sets with at least three hooks per set .  also , is there a need for the frame around the selected pictures ?  the other portals don ' t do that and personally i see it as more of a decoration than serving a useful purpose .    '       '        ,    january       ( utc ) 
   ' delete  '  per nom ' s argument of redundancy .    ( talk )        ,    may       ( utc ) 
  ' ludvig christian brinck - seidelin kabell  '   (    july      , vejlby , norddjurs municipality  -    february      , fredensborg )  was a danish landscape painter .  
   ' delete  '   -  article fails to provide reliable sources to establish notability .   -  - talk       ,    september       ( utc ) 
   tina b .  festival  , catalogue text .  prague  vernon gallery ,      .  
ceo of dong  (     –   ) 
expatriate footballers in sweden
tagged as speedy but does make an assertion of notability .  listed here to decide if it ' s enough        ,    august       ( utc ) 
  bird abatement , driving or removing undesired birds from an area
 a .  phagocytophilum  is transmitted to humans by  ixodes  ticks .   these ticks are found in the us , europe , and asia .   in the us ,  i .  scapularis  is the tick vector in the east and midwest states , and  i .  pacificus  in the pacific northwest .  in europe , the  i .  ricinus  is the main tick vector , and  i .  persulcatus  is the currently known tick vector in asia . 
      i have started an article about the book regarding the hamptons .  i think the book about the double rl ranch may have been self - published .  the library of congress does not have it , and there ' s not as much about it as the hampton book .  -  -    ( talk )         ,    december       ( utc ) 
the regulations in the act of      provided for two classes of militia , divided by age .  class one was to include men from    to    years old , and class two would include men from    to    years as well as from    to    years old .  the various southern states were each using this system when the war began . 
  starring                lil '  john  rinaldi
colchicine is an alkaloid derived from the autumn crocus  (  colchicum autumnale  )  .  it inhibits mitosis by inhibiting microtubule polymerization .  while colchicine is not used to treat cancer in humans , it is commonly used to treat acute attacks of gout . 
after bass player stevie cull left to be replaced by peter chapman , a      - strong petition from fans was gathered and sent to the bbc , which resulted in the appearance of misspent youth on  look hear  which took place in dec      at pebble mill studios , birmingham .  introduced by toyah willcox , they supported the ska band the specials .   the band went their separate ways in      .   they were considered by some  to be birmingham ' s finest live band of the era   and  one of the more popular under achieving punk bands of the era .   in november      garden records released a cd compilation of their work titled  the punk years      -         that goes some way to capturing the bands appeal  . 
   october       gary megson defects from leicester city after six weeks as manager to take over at bolton wanderers , while martin jol is sacked as manager of tottenham hotspur  ( battling relegation from the premier league after two successive fifth - place finishes )  after three years . 
  external links  
the result was   ' no consensus  '  .         ,    may       ( utc ) 
people from randolph county , north carolina
  position   midfielder
 children ' s montessori school
 addison gallery of american art 
   †  stylosmilia crassitheca  – type locality for species
     in british columbia
  ' the end of all things .  .  . or is it ?   ' 
buildings and structures in shanghai
  chair of judges
  rd  - seed    
# to identify and develop new tourism products . 
  bring stabity is an innovator who is assigned to the a - laws in order to combat the gundams , considerably more stoic than his fellow innovators .  while bring is able to overpower the    gundam with the garazzo in a display of force , he is later defeated during the a - laws '  assault on celestial beings ' s l  base when the    raiser is formed during the battle .  later , he and revive are given orders to destroy the    gundam .  bring is killed when he joins the attacking of the  ptolemaios ii  on earth , fighting tieria erde whom he attempts to reason with  ( arguing that tieria should join the other innovators because he was one of them , to which tieria replies by saying he isn ' t and that he is human )  before his opponent reveals the seraphim gundam for the first time .  four months after , ribbons reveals the creation of a massive army of divine and bring clones .  
 no .     -  trio and air  -  rip van winkle  ere the marriage contract is drawn , what have you got to live upon ?   .  .  .   
stein was educated at wells court , a preparatory school just outside tewkesbury , then wells house , the court ' s bigger sister - school at malvern wells , and then uppingham school .  he took a - levels in english , history and geography , but failed all of them .  he moved to a cram school in brighton , gaining e grades in english and history . 
on    july , a prayer service was held in sukhumi cathedral in which all four candidates participated .  on    july all four candidates signed an election covenant promising to conduct fair election campaigns . 
#  ( accepted )  
american jazz composers
 military dictatorship of chile  (     –   )   -  aftermath of the coup
  election results  
      report date april         ,        ( utc )      
   constitutional imperial rule party  (  rikken teiseitō  ,     –     ) 
 #   soon after afonso ' s birth , the prince was carried in the arms of his father , who proudly presented the newborn to the throng which had gathered in the palace .   very awkward .  and why is  prince  not capitalised here when it was in the lead ?   · fixed . 
  rd  - score   -    
eurovision song contest entrants of     
 westwood elementary school  ( inkster )   -  this school has been razed . 
# conduct under pressure 
   bh website
   cercidocerus x - rubrum 
   houlder bluff   
  ' author/copyright holder ' s name   '   carey baptist grammar school
 oct low c     .  
  the above discussion is preserved as an archive of the debate .    ' please do not modify it .   '   subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the media ' s  or in a  )  .   no further edits should be made to this section .  
  czech statistical office  municipalities of litoměřice district
reggaeton musicians 
the article was   ' promoted  '        ,    october      . 
  pushpin_map   poland
populated places in shush county
some of the original priests of the sspv , including daniel dolan , anthony cekada and donald sanborn , broke away from the sspv in part due to the most reverend clarence kelly ' s rejection of the validity of bishops consecrated by or in the lineage of archbishop pierre martin ngô đình thục , and because they wanted to start an independent ministry to openly promote the sedevacantist position .  sanborn and dolan were subsequently consecrated bishops in this thục - lineage after previously openly rejecting them . 
#  lenka wienerová   ( second round )  
      anne quast sander
serie a players
buildings and structures in staffordshire
buildings and structures on the national register of historic places in rhode island
wbxl has a student administration consisting of  general manager , music director , mix team , and talk show hosts . 
  in october , his book  body language of children  was published by mosaik . 
  radicular pain
 match_idv_cue   — 
the wingspan is about    mm .  the forewings are unicolourous dark grey .  the crosslines are black .  the hindwing ground colour is grey and the abdomen is light grey . 
after this trip he established himself in chicago .  the field museum asked him if he could get a south american canoe for their collection .  so in      he purchased two dugout canoes , rigged them as a catamaran and sailed all the way to chicago .  after exhibiting the whole boat on the main floor , the field museum kept only one canoe .  francis built a new second canoe out of plywood and the very next year he sailed from chicago north to lake huron , st .  lawrence river .  then , via newfoundland across the atlantic with destination africa .  in this trip all his rudimentary navigation instruments failed , he was lost and ran out of water . 
   in pearson
blank_name_sec    climate  
  rd  - team    thepchaiya un - nooh
 girl scouts of the philippines
the mona or hodges number for  glaucina nephos  is      . 
 arkhangelsky district  ( the administrative center in the city of arkhangelsk )  , arkhangelsk oblast , established in      , abolished in      , merged into primorsky district 
 abdellatif filali  (      –      ) 
  tanja petovar , jugoslavia
also for the first time , donskoy entered the french open ' s main draw , beating jan - lennard struff in the first round . 
the mona or hodges number for  melanolophia centralis  is      . 
  dvr         n/a
  track listing  
in december he swam in five legs of the      world cup .  in dubai , mahoney won bronze in both the     metre backstroke and the     metre individual medley .  in singapore , the foursome of mahoney , regan leong , brittany elmslie and emma mckeon won silver in the mixed   ×    metre freestyle relay .  at the penultimate leg in tokyo in the heats of the mixed   ×    metre freestyle relay d ' orsogna , leong , the campbell sisters bronte and cate set a new world record time of      .    .  in the final , mahoney replaced leong as the second leg swimmer and together they won gold and set another world record , dropping to the time to      .    .  the final leg in beijing saw the same foursome win gold in the event again but narrowly missing the world record posting a time of      .    .  mahoney also picked another individual medal with bronze in the     metre individual medley to cap off his world cup campaign .  
  rd  - score     '    ' 
   †  retitricolpites amapaensis  – 
   see also   
# ricki wertz
jan joubert ' s gat bridge is situated on the franschhoek mountain pass in cape winelands . 
giovanni participated in world wrestling entertainment ' s      diva search and although she finished in third place in the competition , wwe signed her to a contract just a few days after her elimination .  her elimination was aired on the september    episode of raw . 
  birth_place   aviemore , scotland
  a special case derived from earth climate simulations whereby the earth is plunged into a state of total glaciation .  seems to provide statistical support for the snowball earth  ( also known as  white earth  )  theory . 
  https //web . archive . org/web/              /http //www . kkpartizan . rs/sr/index . php official website  
sanahin ·
  )  information may be included in articles if they can be  by reference to  .  as applied to this matter , except with respect to information which is not controversial , material published in anthroposophy related publications , especially by persons deeply involved in the movement such as teachers or theoreticians , are considered  and thus not reliable sources . 
association football clubs established in     
  ( note  it is uncertain which teams were meant to at home and which away )  
 -    .        ,   .       ,  
  processamento de sinais digitais  ( in english   digital signal processing  )  .       , la kapelusz editorial , buenos aires . 
         .       .         .         .          .       .       .       .       .  
   increased dna damage   
  avg ( $a  a  ) 
  for a while , matrix   has been creating substubs with bad grammar , no context and a complete lack of capital letters on the swedish wikipedia , and didn ' t change his/her behaviour despite instructions , suggestions and appeals for better edits from around ten other users , including a complete  how to write a good stub  tutorial by  .  as a result , he/she has been blocked for progressively longer periods , currently two weeks .  i have not been directly involved with the case and do not know whether the blocks have been reasonable , but i thought it would be worth noting that swedish - speakers have already discussed the matter with him/her .  //       ,   february       ( utc ) 
   i ' m not aware that anyone edit - warred over the removal of someone ' s talk page comment , tarc , but i think this can be closed .   -  -   ( talk )        ,    august       ( utc ) 
 https //web . archive . org/web/              /http //bakercountyfl . org/bcso/ baker county sheriff ' s office
  list of railway stations in japan
 torstens lärjungar bk
  term_start        june     
    ' b    ( mm .    –   )   here ' s where the sonata part of sonata - rondo comes in .  this time it ' s in f minor instead of c minor . 
 -  -        ,    apr       ( utc )   -  -        ,    november       ( utc ) 
on    and    august      , a storm of tropical intensity broke over south - west england , depositing  of rain within    hours on the already saturated soil of exmoor , devon .  it is thought that a cold front scooped up a thunderstorm , and the orographic effect worsened the storm .  debris - laden floodwaters cascaded down the northern escarpment of the moor , converging upon the village of lynmouth  in particular , in the upper west lyn valley , a dam was formed by fallen trees etc .  , which in due course gave way , sending a huge wave of water and debris down the river .  a guest at the lyndale hotel described the night to the  sunday express  
}  ' w  '   – 
  south korea  president park chung - hee  ( october      ) 
   pete dye golf club – clarksburg 
       national women ' s soccer league season
  nassawadox whrx
 agustín spínola basadone      -     
american rock musicians
 the town of   ' fraser  '  in grand county , colorado , is a statutory town served by u . s .  post office      
 predecessor   audrey collins
   disc     stand - up   
in the november      election , democratic nominee george mcgovern lost    of    states to the incumbent president richard nixon .  on    march      , president nixon implied the united states would intervene militarily if the communist side violated the ceasefire .  public and congressional reaction to nixon ' s trial balloon was unfavorable and in april nixon appointed graham martin as u . s .  ambassador to south vietnam .  during his confirmation hearings in june      , secretary of defense james r .  schlesinger stated he would recommend resumption of u . s .  bombing in north vietnam if north vietnam launched a major offensive against south vietnam .  on   june      , the u . s .  senate passed the case–church amendment to prohibit such intervention . 
 caption   ' baalbek  '  in lebanon is famous for its exquisitely detailed yet monumentally scaled temple ruins of the roman period , when , then known as heliopolis , it was one of the largest sanctuaries in the empire .  it can be counted among the wonders of the ancient world , containing some of the largest and best preserved roman ruins .  seen here is the great court of the temple complex . 
  .  famous rang teras https //www . youtube . com/watch ? v mbulin uzik&t    s
   × foster wheeler boilers ,     psi
 note   this debate has been included in the  .    ( talk )        ,    june       ( utc ) 
   ghanefo kromah  ( prl ) 
the median income for a household in the cdp was $  ,    , and the median income for a family was $  ,    .  males had a median income of $  ,    versus $  ,    for females .  the per capita income for the cdp was $  ,    .  about    .  % of families and    .  % of the population were below the poverty line , including    .  % of those under age    and    .  % of those age    or over . 
    ' done  '  .  i still need to fill in  exact number of seasons  though .  cross @       ,    december       ( utc ) 
 edu marangon  ( born      )  , retired brazilian football player and manager
 mark newman  -  vocals  (      ) 
  class  fn org    motspur park
  liptena fatima 
the ndp ' s former agriculture minister and former deputy ndp chairman , yousef wali , also lost his seat . 
   see also   
  un ciclo más   is a dvd by gandhi based on their last album ,  ciclos  .  it includes their videos and live performances . 
albanian expatriate footballers
   year - end charts   
musicians from gloucestershire
but kierkegaard wasn ' t satisfied until the completion of  concluding unscientific postscript  in      .  here he wrote   when my  philosophical fragments  had come out and i was considering a postscript to  " clothe the issue in its historical costume , "  yet another pseudonymous book appeared   stages on life ' s way  , a book that has attracted the attention of only a few  ( as it itself predicts )  perhaps also because it did not , like  either/or  , have  the seducer ' s diary  , for quite certainly that was read most and of course contributed especially to the sensation .  that stages has a relation to  either/or  is clear enough and is definitely indicated by the use in the first two sections of familiar names .   later in the same book he said , 
  early life and education  
newcastle thunder players
       argentine emigrants
       duffield castle today
from      to      , allport was an instructor in psychology at harvard and radcliffe , and then until      he was an associate professor at the university of north carolina at chapel hill .  allport became one of the original faculty members at syracuse university ' s maxwell school of citizenship and public affairs in      .  he was a full professor of social and political psychology until      .  after    years at syracuse university , allport became visiting professor at the university of california at berkeley in      .  he retired from teaching in that year in los altos , california .  he died in california on october    ,      . 
living people
yeghegnadzor is the cultural centre of vayots dzor province .  it has a cultural palace , a public library and an archaeological museum .  the town ' s public park is home to a vishapakar  ( dragon stone )  dating back to the  nd millennium bc . 
  diarsia rubi   ( vieweg ,      ) 
  external links  
lindsay started his career in the world of psychology at queen ' s university after graduation from      to      as an assistant professor .  from      to      he spent his time as an associate professor at queen ' s university .  and since      lindsay has worked at queen ' s university as a professor in the department of psychology .  he also belongs to several professional associations which are the american psychologist association , the american psychology - law society , and the society for applied research in memory and cognition . 
   chehraa  , a      film
  the following discussion is an archived debate of the proposed deletion of the article below .    ' please do not modify it .   '   subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s  or in a  )  .   no further edits should be made to this page .  
     in sports in massachusetts 
  michael scott nelson  -  drums  (      ) 
archaeology of korea
       international mead festival  -  bronze medal biere de miele
  larry the cable guy
the hondo owls compete in these sports  -  
  organic clothing
after biloxi ' s      season ended , the brewers promoted lópez to the major leagues .  he made his major league debut on september    ,      .  in      , lópez began the season with the colorado springs sky sox of the class aaa pacific coast league , but struggled , pitching to a   .    era in    games started .  he was demoted to biloxi .  lópez pitched for the puerto rican national baseball team in the      world baseball classic .  in the      season , lópez returned to biloxi .  he pitched to a   .    era as a starting pitcher , and then became a relief pitcher , and had a   .    era in that role .  he made one appearance for the brewers in      , pitching two innings and allowing one run on four hits on june    . 
  inflation due to the activities of real estate agents  before      , very few real estate agencies were operating in romania , but in      they were in the thousands   since they are unregulated , and because there is also no code of ethics for real estate agents  ( in fact , anyone can claim to be one )  , many ordinary romanians believe that the agents are artificially increasing the prices demanded by sellers . 
  european sovereign debt crisis
    hot - jerseys . com  (   reported to   (  diff )  ) 
a king ' s man called   ' agubalana nilame  '   ( the royal taster ) ,tested the prepared royal victuals  which were supplied to his majesty ' s consumption .  this tasting was effected as a pre - testing as to whether the victual were contaminated with any poison,agubalana nilame was also considered as a duggannarala . 
  stdinchi    s/ch no /c  -   -   (   )  /h h 
              bowling   slow left arm orthodox
  occupation   labor organiser
     .  .  . 
   '  fortas  tradicinis  '  –  , % strength beer .  it ' s being sold in   .    l plastic bottles . 
     establishments in england
 east district ii 
     in canada 
  j .  b .  ranson  (     – ?  )  , commander of white star line liners
 bushwhacked  ( firefly ) 
 whether or not a program temporary fix  ( ptf )  is planned . 
     establishments in new york  ( state ) 
    what is the dispute ?     
  der abschied der troubadours  .  romance mit deutschen und italienischen texte .  unterhaltungsstück für gesang , pianoforte , guitare und violine mit abwechselnden variationen von moscheles , giulani und mayseder  ( f major ) 
   outside the law   (      ) 
people from chicago
         self portrait  , graphite pencil ,     
     atp challenger tour
  cfxj - fm , known as  the new flow    .    , a radio station in toronto , canada
the putney school alumni
the list was   ' promoted  '  by        ,   june       . 
  journal minds and machines volume    issue   pages    –   
    ' keep  '  .  i agree with some of the points that mercurywoodrose made .  i think this article could be trimmed down a bit to read more neutral , but there ' s also a lot of historical information in the article as it pertains to electronic dance music that i believe is important from a research point of view .  also i think as a reference source cutting his discography is a bad idea .  if anything that part of the article should be as complete and accurate as possible .  his discography is actually missing releases that i am familiar with and that are of notoriety and i would think might be important in a historical perspective in regards to dance music history .  anyway johnston clearly has notoriety in his field based on the references that have been provided , and there are probably a lot more online .  the guy ' s name gets      hits on google .  i have friends that don ' t even get   hit on google .  i think his article should have the deletion flag taken off , even if the other flags stay until the article is trimmed and rewritten to better conform to wikipedia standards .  i have a friend who has been a journalist for several dance music publications for over a decade that said he ' d help rewrite johnston ' s page .  he was disturbed when i mentioned that his wikipedia page was up for deletion . 
 k .  kubodera , k .  otsuka , and s .  miyazawa ,  stable lindp o   miniature laser ,  applied optics vol .     ,     -      (      )  . 
the final episode  these are the voyages .  .  .   reveals that t ' pol remained archer ' s first officer aboard the  enterprise  for a total of    years .  her relationship with trip allegedly ended at some point within a year of the death of their cloned child in       ( see  family  , below )  , although she remained emotionally attached to him and expressed concern that she would never see trip again after the decommissioning of the  enterprise  in      .  trip ' s death on a minor mission just prior to the decommissioning affected her deeply , and she expressed a desire to meet his parents . 
  ' bodden  '  are briny bodies of water often forming lagoons , along the southwestern shores of the baltic sea , primarily in germany ' s state of mecklenburg - vorpommern .  these lagoons can be found especially around the island of rügen , usedom and the fischland - darss - zingst peninsula .  some of them are protected reserves , forming the western pomerania lagoon area national park . 
    i ' m not going to wade into all of the details here  ( because i ' m not going to research who did what to whom when )   i ' m just going to make a few points and hope they suffice 
   ' dragoneutes pilosus   '  is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae .  it was described by monne in      . 
    ' bombala  ' 
  playing career  
  youthyears        –       youthclubs    vevey - sports
   kaala patthar   (      )  as dhaba owner
     category people associated with the dutch east india company     
  see also  
  nationalteam     turkey u -   
  the following is an archived discussion concerning one or more categories .    ' please do not modify it .   '  subsequent comments should be made on an appropriate discussion page  ( such as the category ' s  or in a  )  .  no further edits should be made to this section .  
   ' delete  '   -  searches found no significant and notable sources aside from a  resident advisor bio and  news links at that website .   talk       ,   june       ( utc ) 
   the ghosts of berkeley square   (      ) 
fortria recorded his final victory in a race in ireland , then finished second in the becher steeplechase under a weight of    st   lbs after tiring and making a mistake at the last fence .  his final race came in the mackeson gold cup where , under top weight for the fourth time , he struggled into fifth behind richard of bordeaux .  it was the first time he had ever finished out of the first two in england . 
   bombs on monte carlo   (      ) 
  public services  
in      dalida goes to a hotel and unsuccessfully attempts suicide .  rushing to her side during recovery are her ex - husband lucien morisse , her ex - lover jean sobieski and her brother orlando  ( born bruno )  .  the three men explain different facets of dalida ' s personality  dalida grew up a passionate music lover thanks to her violinist father in cairo but always felt herself to be ugly because of the large glasses she wore .  she was discovered in paris by lucien morisse , a parisian radio programmer who eventually fell for her and left his wife for her .  dalida became disillusioned with morisse when he put off marriage and a child to focus on building her career .  nevertheless she married him , but quickly began an affair with artist jean sobieski .  she eventually left sobieski as well , to have an affair with luigi tenco , a temperamental musician .  luigi commits suicide after having a breakdown and walking off stage at a music competition .  dalida finds his body and it is this her friends and family believe has contributed to her mental breakdown and suicide attempt .  
  bobby cohen  ( born      )  , american film producer  (  the cider house rules  and  memoirs of a geisha  ) 
  charts and certifications  
  french general joseph joffre held the first military conference for the allies — known as the chantilly conference —in chantilly , oise , france , shortly after italy entered the conflict against the central powers . 
fictional outlaws 
since the formal start of naming during the      atlantic hurricane season , an average of one atlantic storm name has been retired each year , though many seasons  ( most recently      )  did not have any names retired .  the deadliest storm to have its name retired was hurricane mitch , which caused over   ,    fatalities when it struck central america during october      .  the costliest storms were hurricanes katrina in august      and harvey in august       both storms struck the u . s .  gulf coast , causing $    billion in damage .  the most recently retired storm name is nate , which caused major damage in costa rica and nicaragua in early october      . 
  ( us )   ( uk ) 
  season         –   
living people
the record of his predecessor in the office would be difficult to meet , let alone exceed .  during hill ' s two terms in office , the treasury ' s investments had increased in value by nearly     percent , and debt had been decreased    percent .   but change was on the horizon , and not for the better .   edwards faced a host of difficult issues , including an economic slowdown well underway in the state , the potential downgrade of the state ' s credit rating , and serious reductions in federal contributions to the state ' s revenues . 
padma sundar was born at khauma tol , bhaktapur , the third among four brothers .  his eldest brother was renowned educationist and author jagat sundar malla .  the family moved to asan in kathmandu so they could study at durbar high school .  padma sundar was inspired to go to japan for higher studies after meeting with japanese buddhist monk and traveler ekai kawaguchi in kathmandu . 
czech automobile designers
   " she wants me  ( to go away )  "        ( cfcf ) 
 los angeles suburban homes company
era records artists
   ' delete  '  .   not sufficiently notable .    -  -   ( talk )        ,    august       ( utc ) 
  position              defender
   scepastocarpus  at index fungorum
   italianinsider . it resolves to //   .     .     .        .     .     .    
 report  report
   olympic results   
  d   games drawn
  rd  - score   -    
 delta dobrogea tulcea
 there is a new map which takes care of all the source issues  ( and i think looks even better )  .  all of my issues are resolved and i reiterate my support ,     ' >    '        ,    august       ( utc ) 
#      -    -              user   ( talk  -         )  to castle frankenstein  (  diff )   -  link  www . graf - von - katzenelnbogen . de/ .   links added in this diff  www . gruft - der - vampire . de/ruinenland/frankenstein  . htm  (      ,   ,   ,   )  www . freyes - lager . de/  (      ,   ,   ,   )  www . halloween - burgfrankenstein . de/  (      ,   ,   ,   )  www . burgfrankenstein . info/  (      ,   ,   ,   )  www . burg - frankenstein . de/  (      ,   ,   ,   )  www . graf - von - katzenelnbogen . de/  (      ,    ,   ,   )  
                 .        '  .      '      .         .          .        .       .       .        .  
} text   ' •  ' }}
    s documentary films
  -  style  background #cfecec   
pan american games medalists in athletics  ( track and field ) 
  rd  - seed  
 duchies of silesia
       fis alpine world ski championships
  i - league  nd division      
  bettina aptheker , feminist and author
also , provides little benefit in the context it is current being used .   •  ( • )        ,    april       ( utc ) 
  rd  - seed   wc
    ' transwiki  '  to wikicities  xenosaga characters or   ' merge  '  the tiny differences to existing page side_characters_ ( xenosaga ) #a .   -  -        ,    november       ( utc ) 
  monarch  -  elizabeth ii , queen of saint vincent and the grenadines  (     –present ) 
    ' merge  '  with mindtouch .  there are plenty sources enough to  the basic facts about the company and its history , separate from development of the product , but it ' s silly to have a separate article .     talk        ,   april       ( utc ) 
 eolia , missouri , a village in pike county , missouri , united states
uk mps     –  
 beverly mahood          
ancient greek writers 
in the village the population was spread out with    .  % under the age of    ,   .  % from    to    ,    .  % from    to    ,    .  % from    to    , and    .  % who were    years of age or older .  the median age was    years .  for every     females , there were    .   males .  for every     females age    and over , there were    .   males . 
    s british drama television series
gothic revival church buildings in england
   e .  rivularis  
greek poetry 
   track listing   
       we disagree on the elegance or otherwise of the later formulation , but no problem . 
school districts in oregon
olympic gold medalists for switzerland
bureau of african affairs
	  data  c        ( } ) 
heather irmiger of the united states won the gold medal , thus becoming the first champion at these games . 
one memorable game in the early years included an    -   loss to cornell , during which the colgate goalie stopped    shots . 
  motto   build your legacy
 attendance    ,   
  rd  - seed     
 fairmount line
# the image is itself a subject of discussion in the article or used in the infobox thereof . 
living people
the   ' first christiansborg palace  '  in copenhagen , denmark was built on slotsholmen in      as a new main residence for king christian vi of denmark .  it was built on the same site as its predecessor , copenhagen castle , which had assumed a monstrous appearance and started to crumble under its own weight after several extensions . 
   an amateur grower ' s view
graph algorithms
  ' mondragon university  '   ( officially in  ,   ' mu  '  )  is a non - profit cooperative private university in the basque country , officially established and recognised in      .  it is part of mondragon corporation .  its main campus is in mondragón , gipuzkoa . 
   †  aviculopecten multilineatus 
     jul        rene armijo , jr .  afded by  was  //en . wikipedia . org/w/index . php ? title special log  
  phoebe gottlieb  ( jan      ) 
  empress matilda  (  )    in the nomination statement , hchc     described matilda as one of the  medieval period ' s rare female , war - time rulers  , and noted that she was  proud , imperial and unwilling to give up what she regarded as her rightful inheritance  . 
     establishments in the united kingdom
  la selva de fuego   (      )   ( guionista ) 
       } }  }} }
  kramer – vocals , bass guitar , tape , production
populated places in zahedan county
the result was      ' delete  '  .       ( talk )        ,    december       ( utc ) 
}  }}}
athletes  ( track and field )  at the      summer paralympics
# bad education  ( no context remix )   -      
players of canadian football from ontario
 https //archive . is/              /http //www . eliteprospects . com/football/player . php ? player     elite prospects profile
english businesspeople
the cossiga presidency was essentially divided into two phases related to the attitudes of the head of state .  in the first five years , cossiga played its role in a traditional way , caring for the role of the republican institutions under the constitution , which makes the president of the republic a kind of arbitrator in relations between the powers of the state . 
the national olympic committee of the gdr was granted provisional membership in      and as a next step , east germany tried to gain membership of the individual sporting organisations that participated in olympic disciplines .  in july      , the east german rowing association applied for a license from fisa , the international rowing federation , to be able to nominate their rowers at the european championships in bucharest  ( women )  and ghent  ( men )  .  fisa ' s response was that the next congress , to be held just prior to the championships in ghent , will decide on the matter .  therefore , east german teams could not compete in      .  at the congress , east germany was unanimously accepted as a new member .  the only west german competitor was ingrid scholz , who had won silver in single sculls in       she came sixth in      . 
  reason  reason for requested renaming .    ( talk )        ,    july       ( utc ) 
  aditya narayan , bollywood and nepali singer , actor
generals of the german army
french - language lgbt writers
  rosario ferré , author of  sweet diamond dust 
  utc_offset               + 
  in our hide - away  ( reprise )  – nell and steve
jamie and adam revisited the  compact compact  myth after fans complained about a claim jamie made in the earlier episode .  during the investigation he had said that two cars hitting each other at  is  equivalent to a single impact going into a solid wall at     miles an hour  .  this was disputed by fans claiming that according to newton ' s third law , two cars hitting each other at    mph is the same as one car crashing into a wall at    mph . 
 wl } default }}
  conf - champ         }}
     category former dictatorships     
 ship range 
  .  .  . that cuba ' s   ' latin american school of medicine  '  is supported by both the congressional black caucus and venezuelan president hugo chávez ?  
  country          india
  primeminister    the earl of liverpool
 arvin avergonzado  ( drums ) 
  error message  
 week   -    - color   
 please add new comments below this notice .  thanks ,   ( talk )        ,   october       ( utc ) 
bromeliaceae cultivar
 result d
 subdivision_name         hkamti district
     ' withdrawn by nominator  '   due to lack of activity .  i will just use a redirect for the page instead .    ( talk )        ,   june       ( utc ) 
    -   (       )   -  delete  -  closed       ,   september       ( utc ) 
   ' bellatrix bombers  '  – alien warlords featured in  green lantern  vol .    #   . 
the negros occidental multi - purpose activity center  ( nompac )  is a provincial - owned multi - use gym adjacent to the capitol park and lagoon .  it is currently used mostly for basketball , karatedo and boxing matches .  aside from the gym , it also serves as evacuation site of the province during calamities likewise also serves as cultural facilities in many events . 
         ' harur block  '  is a revenue block in the dharmapuri district of tamil nadu , india .  it has a total of    panchayat villages . 
      ' miwa campus  '     
    yes , actively neglect  -  -  consider if things are truly encyclopedic .  people should get a sense of global perspective .  it sometimes seems that if cat falls out of a tree in the us it gets an article .   -  -         ,    aug       ( utc ) 
  rd  - score  -    
shepherd was the son of the labour politician george shepherd ,  st baron shepherd .  with the house of lords act      , the right of the hereditary peers of an automatic seat in the house of lords was removed , so shepherd was created a life peer as baron shepherd of spalding , of spalding in the county of lincolnshire to keep his seat . 
 attendance  ,   
   quote   restored valid disambiguation by user us  al -    
  rd  - seed   
#agaricus augustus is      bytes
#   undid revision           by   ( talk ) —do not change the heading of my post when i ' ve changed it to be appropriate .  are you doing that out of  " revenge "  ?  
according to the main source , ibn hayyan , ziryab had eight sons and two daughters .  five of the sons and both daughters became musicians of some prominence .  these children kept their father ' s music school alive , but the female slave singers he trained also were regarded as reliable sources for his repertoire in the following generation . 
  official website
    –   american college basketball standings templates
   done !   ( i came across the article while looking through the unsourced blp category , so thank you for tagging it )  .  happy i was able to expand it .    )          /       ,    june       ( utc ) 
 peter vitousek  ( born      )  , american ecologist
  style  text - align left     new york
taylor died in      and was the subject of many remembrances and obituaries .  taylor held the rank of yondan  (  th degree black belt )  and was the founder the harvard aikido club in      and a shidoin  ( instructor )  in the united states aikido federation .  in      he founded the cambridge institute of psychology and comparative religions  was a  founding member of the new existentialists  and was the vice president of the massachusetts association of swedenborgian churches  ( see church of the new jerusalem  ( cambridge , massachusetts )  )  .  dr .  taylor was senior psychologist in the department of psychiatry at massachusetts general hospital  ( appointed official historian )  and lecturer in psychiatry , harvard medical school . 
  rd  - seed    
appears in   halloween h       years later  . 
university of arizona alumni
animated series villains
  ordo   anguilliformes
 \tfrac  \delta p_ 
  subdivision_name          caylloma
following qajar iran ' s loss in the     –     war , it was forced to concede suzerainty over most of the khanates , along with georgia and dagestan to the russian empire , per the treaty of gulistan . 
 nelson sooranadu of vodafone comedy stars fame , as a waiter in a hotel
   st place     points
  rd  - score   -    
banfield managers
currently gangneung city fc plays in the national league . 
stranraer f . c .  players
  ' abu ol verdi  '   (  , also romanized as   ' abū ol verdī  '  and   ' abū ol vardī  '   also known as   ' abīverdī  '  and   ' abowlvardī  '  )  is a village in abu ol verdi rural district , hakhamanish district , pasargad county , fars province , iran .  at the      census , its population was  ,    , in     families . 
waukegan is located at   (    .         ,  -    .         )  .  waukegan is on the shore of lake michigan , about  south of the border with wisconsin and  north of downtown chicago , at an elevation of about  above sea level . 
 week  -             
buildings and structures in wilmington , delaware
 authorlink james p .  delgado
     disestablishments in maryland
alongside her early political career , jones has been employed as an english teacher , a solicitor , a development officer with the mental health charity mind and a justice and peace officer with the roman catholic archdiocese of liverpool . 
# the layout design for these subpages is at  . 
the colne valley water company opened the eastbury pumping station near watford in      .  in      the company opened a narrow gauge railway connecting the pumping station with the lms standard gauge branch line between watford and rickmansworth .  the line ran southeast from a private siding on the lms line , crossed the river colne by a relatively substantial plate girder bridge and ended in a yard at the pumping station .  the railway carried coal to power the pumping station and chlorine and salt for the water softening plant . 
she served in the cabinet of canada for the entirety of her term as a federal member of parliament , despite an early perception that her caucus colleague doug frith was more likely to be chosen as the sudbury area ' s representative in cabinet .  over the course of her career , she served as minister of state for mines , minister responsible for the status of women , minister of consumer and corporate affairs and minister of state for social development . 
  gwangju  ( korea )  , since     
lincoln was formerly named evergreen .   evergreen was the home town of the infamous american old west gunfighter bill longley . 
taxonomy articles created by polbot
 i can go with that .  i was cleaning up  and i saw a sort of a pattern .  there are a few others at  .   -  -    ( talk )   -        ,    july       ( utc ) 
  language      hindi
  ' jessie chandler  '   ( born august    ,      )  is an american author of mystery and humorous caper fiction , most of which is about lesbian protagonists .  her work includes bingo barge murder  a shay o ' hanlon caper  (      )  , hide and  snake murder  (      )  , and the forthcoming pickle in the middle murder  (      )  .  chandler has presented talks about the craft of writing , serves as a mentor to many up - and - coming writers , and is a contributing member of the golden crown literary society . 
   uss wichita  ( lcs -    )  , launched    september     
mongolia at the winter olympics by year
   so let me see if i have this right .   you do not believe vk should have been blocked for  his  racist tirade .   you want those admins who ' ve supported vk ' s block to step down .    fiery irish temper  is a racist remark which must be apologised for .    germanic ice in their veins  is .  .  .  ?  somehow i ' m not just seeing any balance there .  bastun not batsun       ,    july       ( utc ) 
 " psychic battles state lawsuit , "  march    ,      . 
  ' polyporic acid  '  is a para - terphenyl benzoquinone compound first identified by german chemist stahlschmidt from a mycelial culture of the fungus species  hapalopilus nidulans  in      .  this chemical , present at   –  % of the fresh weight of the fruit bodies , inhibits the enzyme dihydroorotate dehydrogenase .  it is found in other mushrooms , but in much lower amounts . 
defunct radio stations in the united kingdom
brazilian male telenovela actors
    horse artillery    
what do you call research of the type that is done to compile a wikipedia article ?  the type that does not include making new observations , but may involve much searching for and synthesis of information from published sources ?         ,    april       ( utc ) 
     may         cfded by  was closed  
 biosafety bites  ( v .   )  #     june     
  friends   ( season   , episode     -  -   the one with monica ' s boots  )  guest starred as herself
  amar ' e stoudemire  (    ) 
austrian footballers
    – derek landmesser
  nationality   mexican
  release history  
   see also   
 width        '     ' 
american lgbt - related films
  ethnikos latsion fc
  ufa design and project institute of aviation industry
# strong support .   -  -        ,   feb       ( utc ) 
the historian judith flanders , however , has interpreted the title as a reference to postal customs in the victorian era .  when mail  ( post )  was delivered , the postman knocked once to let the household know it was there  no reply was needed .  when there was a telegram , however , which had to be handed over personally , he knocked twice so that the household would know to answer the door .  telegrams were expensive and usually the bringers of bad news  so a postman knocking  ( later , ringing )  twice signaled trouble was on the way . 
rivers of virginia
  years           clubs    benlloch   caps        goals     
 city   istanbul
  alain jolivet ,  rimes et reflets du nivernais   regards d ' achille millien  , éditions de l ' armançon ,      ,     p . 
hi , and thank you all for your suggestions .  i live in ny  that ' s what they do , that ' s what they do  .  he was referring to an out right lie .  i told him he has had the same mom he has always had         ,   march       ( utc ) 
  external links  
 suspected sockpuppets
   ' delete  '  no real relationship , as nom says adequately covered in other articles .    ( talk )        ,    june       ( utc ) 
 area_total_km       .   
texas lawyers 
 whirlpool rapids bridge − niagara falls  -  niagara falls , ny
  liam  skin  tyson – guitar
   tartar robbers dividing spoil   (      , tate gallery ) 
 awards          ' golden shell  '       on the black hill   ' silver fipa  '       hornblower 
the longhai railway was built over the course of half a century by four different governments of china  the qing dynasty , beiyang government , nationalist republican government and the communist government of the people ' s republic . 
other appearances have included   elizabeth taylor in london  in      ,  around the world of mike todd  in      , plus interviews with david frost , barbara walters , phil donahue and larry king , various profiles of michael jackson ,  the freddie mercury tribute concert  and  elizabeth taylor  england ' s other elizabeth  in      . 
  external links  
  clubs    ca huracán
    admiralty   k    
      -       george prosky
       ,    june       ( utc ) 
 samuels vs .  frazier     
       best directing ,  guiding light 
#  mary of the wild moor   ( traditional , performed by sara evans )  –     
               december    ,         socorro    linear    —     —
    round one    
  the above discussion is preserved as an archive of the debate .     ' please do not modify it .   '  subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s  or in a  )  .  no further edits should be made to this page .   
   hook is interesting and sourced by an internet source  didn ' t load , agf
rivers of missouri
 statlabel  sacks
   ' update  weekly  ' 
  rd  - score   -     '     ' 
   male nudes fighting in front of a burning pyre  , pen and brown ink , beige and brown wash , retints in white gouache , traces of stylus , beige wash paper , paris , musée du louvre , département des arts graphiques , inv .       . 
  ' yevgeny semyonovich matveyev  '   (  ,     march      –   june      )  was a soviet and russian actor and film director who was named a people ' s artist of the ussr in      .  he is best known as nagulnov in  podniataya tselina  , based on mikhail sholokhov ' s novel  and nekhludov in  resurrection   (  )  , based on leo tolstoy ' s novel . 
 idan gafni  -  association expansion cards concept  ( object pairing ) 
 pushpin_map_caption  location of káptalantóti in hungary
 decision  ( unanimous ) 
massachusetts institute of technology alumni
 ship decks 
  team      ( nakajima )  
townships in minnesota 
the impella pump is in   sets of practice guidelines 
  congregational library & archives , boston  (      ) 
english - language films
    ' comment  '  just in case anyone thinks this is recent behaviour take a look at the archive https //en . wikipedia . org/w/index . php ? title special search it appears to be the consensus that darkstar has indeed been disruptive in their response to concerns about content , but while the content itself is pretty well covered in this rfc , the limited scope  ( behavior in regard to one episode )  does not allow us to draw broad conclusions .  
 h  - c_  -  \sum_^\infty c_n \phi_n
  levan kobaidze
martin died on    november      at barcombe , sussex . 
people from tonbridge and malling  ( district ) 
zečević died in belgrade on    october      , where he was also buried . 
 result       w
  for younger people , it has been found that teaching cbt in schools reduced anxiety in children , and a review found that most universal , selective and indicated prevention programs are effective in reducing symptoms of anxiety in children and adolescents . 
former pga tour events
rivers of the olt subbasin
   by matthew j .  grow    by blair dee hodges unless asterisked , the above sidebars were written by ardis e .  parshall
  designation   biological reserve
   first round   
olms from different cave systems differ substantially in body measurements , color and some microscopic characters .  earlier researchers used these differences to support the division into five species , while modern herpetologists understand that external morphology is not reliable for amphibian systematics and can be extremely variable , depending on nourishment , illness , and other factors  even varying among individuals in a single population .   proteus anguinus  is now considered a single species .  the length of the head is the most obvious difference between the various populations – individuals from stična , slovenia , have shorter heads on average than those from tržič , slovenia , and the istrian peninsula , for example . 
  rd  - score   -    
   ' rename  '  to    , could make a reasonable subcat of    .   -  -    ( talk )        ,    october       ( utc ) 
real zaragoza players
  previous version reverted to          ,    october     
ancient greek buildings and structures in athens
  anthony o ' riordan , hurler . 
west indian fast bowler charlie griffith , perhaps the most feared fast bowler of his generation , was often suspected of throwing his faster ball although he was not called in test matches and the promising career of derbyshire ' s harold rhodes was stunted by constant speculation about the legality of his action .   he was  ' called '  while playing against the south african tourists in      by paul gibb but though he was eventually cleared and played on with great success for derbyshire through the decade , he played just twice for england . 
  toto drake ii
log entry for the  
 birth_place   new brunswick , new jersey 
its purpose , according to the minister of trade and commerce , was  advertising abroad canada ' s scenic attractions , agricultural resources and industrial development "  and much of its production was devoted to producing travelogues and industrial films .  it also produced early canadian documentaries such as  lest we forget   (      )  , a compilation film  ( using newsreel footage with staged sequences )  recounting canada ' s role in the first world war , written , directed and edited by frank badgley , the director of the bureau from      to      , and  the royal visit   (      )  , co - written and edited by badgley , which documented the      royal tour of canada by king george vi and his consort , queen elizabeth . 
hitler began to make the party more public , and he organized their biggest meeting yet of  ,    people , for    february      in the hofbräuhaus in munich .  it was in this speech that hitler , for the first time , enunciated the twenty - five points of the  german worker ' s party  ' s manifesto that had been drawn up by drexler , feder , and hitler .  through these points he gave the organisation a much bolder stratagem with a clear foreign policy  ( abrogation of the treaty of versailles , a greater germany , eastern expansion , exclusion of jews from citizenship )  .  on the same day the party was renamed the  nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei  – nsdap  ( nazi party )  .  such was the significance of this particular move in publicity that karl harrer resigned from the party in disagreement . 
at the      conocophillips national championships , won a silver in the    m backstroke and a silver in the    m freestyle relay . 
musical groups from philadelphia
  appmag_v   +  .    
african judo championships
rotary - engined aircraft 
not notable .    ( talk )        ,   march       ( utc ) 
his first business venture was a failed pool hall , but a gas station was successful and its profits helped pay for a drive - in restaurant in martinsville , virginia .  the restaurant was sold to buy another gas station .  having seen the crowds attracted by car racing at temporary tracks at fairgrounds , he built a track on  of land he had purchased in      .  the first scheduled race , predating the establishment of nascar , took place on september   ,      , drawing more than  ,    spectators at a facility that only had     seats  seating capacity had grown to   ,    by the time of earles '  death .  in its inaugural year , bill france , sr .  provided the track with advertising and drivers in exchange for one - fourth of profits , and became the founding president of nascar when it was incorporated the next year .  martinsville speedway is the only one of nascar ' s original tracks still in use . 
      .  % norwegian
  rd  - score   -     '    ' 
  the following discussion is an archived debate of the proposed deletion of the article below .    ' please do not modify it .   '   subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s talk page or in a  )  .   no further edits should be made to this page .    
  shuntian guan as yun
wikinews is conducting a full and thorough investigation into all matters related to quakeaid and boau . com .  i have tried to accumulate all the information in wikipedia and elsewhere in one place , but i will not have time to commit myself beyond this .  so this will either sink or swim with your involvement .  if the evidence is solid , we can publish this story , and send a nice dossier to the fbi .  if we don ' t do anything , baou . com will continue its anti - wiki campaign , or disappear quietly . 
  best novelette   schrödinger ' s kitten  by george alec effinger
  the following discussion is an archived debate of the proposed deletion of the article below .    ' please do not modify it .   '   subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s talk page or in a  )  .   no further edits should be made to this page .  
  extra    non - album single
  taxandria angustifolia  ( schauer )  j . r . wheeler   n . g . marchant
in addition to her work with the sorority  ( below )  , burke was an active member of both professional  -  the national education association  -  and civic associations  the naacp and the ymca , in washington , d . c . 
vinicius talis cesinha caio cezar bruno nunes diego gonçalves 
martin was well received by abolitionist leaders and admired for his speaking skills . 
the   '     –   season  '  is swansea city ' s   th season in the english football league system , and their first season back in the championship since     –   following relegation from the premier league in the previous season .  along with competing in the championship , the club will compete in the fa cup and efl cup .  the season covers the period from   july      to    june      . 
  dirigatur oratio mea in g major  ( k iia    )  , mh    
   ' comment  '   -  as noted , this is not a youth league  ( the word  junior  in the league ' s full name refers to its level within the scottish league system and has nothing to do with the age of the players )  .   also  makes no mention of competition seasons , only team seasons .   nominator may wish to revisit/reword the reasons for nomination .  .  .  .  .  ?   -  -    ( talk )        ,    october       ( utc ) 
  date      september  
  rd  - score   -    
  the space brothers , british trance music act 
   see also   
  -  align center
  parents   colonel sir gerald bruce
proposed legislation to institute in the oklahoma national guard a local version of  don ' t ask , don ' t tell   ( dadt )  , the federal policy that formerly prohibited gays and lesbians from serving openly in the u . s .  military , was proposed in january      and withdrawn in february . 
  pisidia inaequalis   ( heller ,      ) 
 jason ritter as garret
english - language television programs
  guy coombs as king of ethiopia , aida ' s father
    ' date  ' 
   hs_genloc_db   hg  
  expand your article into a complete first draft . 
   ' groundhog day   '  is a musical comedy with music and lyrics by tim minchin , and a book by danny rubin .  based on the      film of the same name written by rubin and harold ramis , the musical made its world premiere try - out at the old vic in london in summer      and opened at the august wilson theatre on broadway on    april      .  the plot centres around phil connors , an arrogant pittsburgh tv weatherman who , during an assignment covering the annual groundhog day event in punxsutawney , pennsylvania , finds himself in a time loop , repeating the same day again and again . 
  subdivision_name    myślenice
lists of governors of indonesian provinces 
  ' notes  '   
german south west africa
    thanks for the review .  yes , there appears to be a problem with the link .  i have now replaced it with another reference which gives the same text .  -  -   ' nvvchar  '  .        ,   june       ( utc ) 
american roman catholics
  chouki el hamel  (      )  ,  slavery in maliki school in the maghreb  , in black morocco  a history of slavery , race , and islam , cambridge university press , 
  music             ohga
   week     team dances   
       kumamoto earthquake
although dropped from hollywood records , she is still recording , using her married name ,   ' jessica jacobs  '  .  in      , she released her second album , called  chapter    . 
  rivers of jamaica
american pathologists
the      season saw him progress into the senior ranks .  he took victory at the      asian indoor games in november with a national indoor record run of    .    sec .  he set a second national indoor record the following day , as he helped the saudi team to the relay gold in a time of      .     ( also a games record )  .  he won his first outdoor senior medal in the     m later that month , finishing behind liu xiaosheng and yuzo kanemaru to take the bronze medal at the      asian athletics championships .  the following year , he started off the saudi relay team to a gold medal win in national record time  (      .    min )  at the      asian games . 
  rd  - score   -     '    ' 
democratic - republican party members of the united states house of representatives
  rd  - score     '      ' 
   seems to me that   ,    wikipedia aint that reliable so u shouldn ' t copy and paste from it   -  ring any bells ?    
derbyshire then worked at vdare . 
  rd  - score  -    
  hurra for de blå husarer   -      
at the least , this needs community approval .  i know the heirarchy here is powerful with wp as well , but a bad idea is still a bad idea .  to be clear , i don ' t accuse the page of being offensive  ( although i sympathize with that view to a degree , and i ' m no catholic of any kind )  .  i think it is unhelpful in the building of the  ' pedia , and highly problematic as precedent for future , similar unhelpful projects . 
  -  style  height  em
   ' delete  '  without prejudice should it be released or otherwise become notable .         ,    april       ( utc ) 
isaf sailing world championships
  reception of motz ' s scholarship  
  ' apache pass  '  , also known by its earlier spanish name   ' puerto del dado  '   (  pass of the die  )  , is an historic mountain pass in the u . s .  state of arizona between the dos cabezas mountains and chiricahua mountains at an elevation of  .  it is approximately  east - southeast of willcox , arizona , in cochise county . 
        best of anthony newley   ( sony ) 
 v/  grátias agámus dómino deo nostro . 
         ' mccrone  '  is a surname .  notable people with the surname include 
         ' mussafah bridge  '  is one of three strategic bridges connecting the island of abu dhabi to the mainland .  it has a total of    lanes ,   on each side of the bridge . 
  crofts , daniel w .   reluctant confederates  upper south unionists in the secession crisis .    (      )  . 
  blank _name_sec          
 tko  ( punches ) 
  occupation        music director , composer , record producer , singer
  section       (   )    authorizes grants to medical schools to recruit and provide focused training and experiences to students likely to practice medicine in hpsas .   the grant aims to recruit students most likely to practice in rural areas . 
  in      , radlmeier was awarded the wallenberg medal by the university of michigan . 
previous version reverted to  https //en . wikipedia . org/w/index . php ? title bromocriptine  info about the active ingredient is at acetaminophen )  .  this is very standard , not controversial except for company reps .    ( talk )        ,    july       ( utc ) 
   ' delete  '  .   .    ( talk )        ,    may       ( utc ) 
       ficeb ninfa award – most original sex sequence  (  fashionistas safado   -  evil angel video/ifg )  with belladonna , jenna haze , sandra romain , rocco siffredi &   others
the river flows into several parklands and refuges including 
  multicoloria vicinella   ( zeller ,      ) 
  leningrad school of painting
 .  .  .  t      t  +    
    '     golden gun  -   '  may   st ,      
too many linkwatcher records  (      >     )  -  ask database maintainer when data is  really  needed  ( data will then be dumped on wikipedia talk wikiproject spam/linkreports/mediatraffic . de )  . 
   ' propose renaming  '   to 
   for the slope or gradient you probably want the derivative of the function .  for  y   a\ b^x + c the derivative would be \tfrac   a\ b^x \ln ( b )  evaluating this at  x  will give you the gradient at that point .  -  -   ( talk )         ,    october       ( utc ) 
in april      portions of the pilot for the  b . e . t .   network ' s  being mary jane  were filmed here . 
    ' n  '     (   edits ,   major , +     )     
ontario candidates for member of parliament 
   i hope you wouldn ' t   )  it does not meet any of the speedy criteria  ( as it definitely asserts notability )  , so afd is the way to go .  let ' s not stretch the speedy deletion criteria without discussion .  .  .   -  - b       ,    july       ( utc ) 
  ' mooslargue  '   (  )  is a commune in the haut - rhin department , in alsace in north - eastern france . 
living people
  rd  - seed    
  the following discussion is an archived inquiry of the possible unfree file below .    ' please do not modify it .   '   subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the media ' s talk page or in a  )  .   no further edits should be made to this section .   
  rd  - score   -    
   bots that revert blindly   
  the following discussion is an archived debate of the proposed deletion of the article below .    ' please do not modify it .   '   subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s talk page or in a  )  .   no further edits should be made to this page .  
the     - series aks are produced by the izhmash factories in izhevsk , russia . 
  henri - georges clouzot  (     –     )  , director and screenwriter
   postanomus reticulatus  
outside of england and france , the popularity of panoramas depended on the type of scene displayed .  typically , people wanted to see images from their own countries or from england .  this principle rang true in switzerland , where views of the alps dominated .  likewise in america , new york city panoramas found popularity , as well as imports from barker ' s rotunda .  as painter john vanderlyn soon found out , french politics did not interest americans .  in particular , his depiction of louis xviii ' s return to the throne did not live two months in the rotunda before a new panorama took its place . 
   the walking dead   (      )   .  .  .  .  loder
  years        –    
phumi angkrong,phumi ângkrông,sre ambel , koh kong , cambodia,  , , ,n,   ,  , ,e
while the wbl consists of larger schools and spreads over a larger area , it is geographically located in the same area of the state as the midwest athletic conference .  most schools out of both leagues typically host hotly contested matchups in nearly every sport . 
 label   sport , television and music
  contents and details  
  rd  - team      ' g kuerten  ' 
         '  .   '    -  - •talk        ,    november       ( utc )  . 
  north carolina democratic party
ncaa division iii teams
  rd  - score   -     '    ' 
# craig_evanshas   sentences .   ( current version ) 
living people
anglican diocese of leeds
when considering a military macaw as a pet , it is very important to verify the bird was bred in captivity .  the u . s .  wild bird act forbids the commercial import of any bird listed by cites .  though it is not among the most popular parrot species sought as a pet , the military macaw is often bred in captivity for trade and can be purchased for $    .    to $ ,    .  the most common of the subspecies kept as pets is  a .  m .  mexicana  and they can live for more than    years in captivity . 
    th cavalry regiment , gevgili
 ! rowspan     style  background - color #ffdf f      
  —talk       ,   november       ( utc ) 
richmond kickers players
         ' sixt  '   ( or   ' sixtus  '  )    ' birck  '  , as   ' xystus betuleius  '   ( february    ,      – june    ,      )  was a german humanist of augsburg ,  a notable german scholar of the new learning  . 
vocalization is the primary means of communication between members of the species .  these are the most common sounds made by the guinea pig 
   further reading   
living people
  mobile suit gundam age  -  stoller guavaran
this is a   ' list of cities with the most high - rise buildings  '  .  a high - rise is defined as a structure at least  or    stories tall .  cities with     or more high - rise buildings are listed here . 
the present ede was established by timi kubolaje agbonran around      along with his siblings oyefi , ajenju , arohanran and oduniyi , all being the descendants of lalemo .  the former ede is known as ede - ile . 
viral videos
   ' delete  '  as per nom .  i mean , if there ' s an english wikipedia , a hindi wikipedia and an urdu wikipedia , then one woudl think that the  third most understood language  would have its own .         ,    december       ( utc ) 
american women in business
 count heinrich franz of thurn and taxis  ( born and died in      ) 
  rev     usa today 
  ' rationale  ' 
  rd  - team    a grahame
the   ' agri horticultural society of india  '  was founded in      by william carey on the alipore road , kolkata .  it has a flower garden , greenhouses , a research laboratory and a library .  it houses a massive collection of plants and flowers .  it has a significant collection of botanical varieties , including cannas for which it has a long and distinguished tradition , with facilities for gardeners and plant/flower lovers .  courses on gardening and cultivation of certain species are offered to the general public from time to time .  its very big . 
   ( talk )        ,    january       ( utc ) 
       -     —managing director at the institute of computer science at the university of augsburg
navarre history
city gates in sfax
  so , what we need for a descriptive format is evidence of common usage of the school names .  do you dispute that articles on the schools are named per  ?  —   —  ( continues after insertion below .  ) 
  rd  - score   -     '    ' 
 in       on    january      he was promoted to admiral , and later that year replaced jackie fisher as commander - in - chief of the mediterranean fleet , then britain ' s largest fleet .  he was received in audience at buckingham palace by king edward vii on    may , departed for the mediterranean the following week , and took up the position on   june .  his flagship in the mediterranean was the newly commissioned battleship hms  bulwark  , on which he had hoisted his flag on   may      at devonport .  
iranian shia muslims
  report    report
 remove until referencing is fixed .   for those who had re - voted to keep because the commercial links were gone , they were simply obscured by an incorrect ref tag , which caused a chunk of the article to go missing , along with missing references .   they ' re still there 
 andrea cotto
    ' n  '     (   edits ,   major , +    )     
  early life  
  classes           group gt   lmp 
while much has been written on c . e . w .  bean and the other authors of the  official history of australia in the war of     –      , there has to date been little research published on how  australia in the war of     –      was written and the experiences of long and the other authors . 
film and video technology
  croatian parliament speaker luka bebić
  gilbert debenham  (     –     )  , english knight , politician and soldier
  international releases  
       following is a list of   ' dams and reservoirs in florida  '  .  
  services           printing , publishing
} by russell smith , oil on canvas , carnegie museum of art
 chi – josh mccown –   /   ,     yards , td
yugoslav basketball coaches 
american philosophical novels
  linecolor ffff  
sammons was elected as a democratic - republican to the  th and  th united states congresses , holding office from march   ,      , to march   ,      .  he was elected as a federalist to the   th , and as a democratic - republican to the   th united states congress , holding office from march   ,      , to march   ,      . 
united food and commercial workers
  shortsummary      after the cow gives birth , the group believes that there is a bull somewhere and decides to search for it .  thinking phil could earn forgiveness from the group , tandy releases him from the pillory , but phil leaves malibu for canada instead of helping in the search .  tandy then tries to have everybody stop looking for the bull and start looking for phil , but the group members verbally attack each other , especially when tandy describes how all of them , like him and phil , are imperfect .  the next morning , a bull indeed shows up on the mansion ' s back porch , and the group rapidly shoots tranquilizers at it , accidentally killing it .  phil , who found the bull , arrives and joins everyone for a beef dinner , having regained the group ' s trust .  meanwhile , todd accidentally catches gail with a gordon mannequin and tries to refrain from mentioning it .  they then start their own relationship after he and melissa officially break up .  in space , mike fixes a broken radio and becomes excited when he hears a possible signal from earth , only to realize it is simply an echo of his own signal .  disappointed , he gets high from inhaling nitrous oxide . 
# declined https //en . wikipedia . org/w/index . php ? title wikipedia_talk articles_for_creation/tristan_boutros&diff          &oldid           tristan boutros
  track listing  
how do i correct the spelling in the page title that i have created .   ( talk )        ,   october       ( utc ) 
     	 " the broken vessels project "  , ps   , new york city , usa . 
 steve tesich  (     –     )  , born  stojan tešić  , serbian - american screenwriter , playwright and novelist , academy award winner  for best original screenplay  (      ) 
  '     ' 
american military personnel of world war ii
the degradation of guanosine monophosphate yields xanthine as an intermediate product which is then converted in the same way to uric acid with the formation of hydrogen peroxide . 
 border   ' rhode island  '    joan zeller
 ,  and others
  data     }
  ford crown victoria police interceptor
  th - century russian painters
 term_end             may     
  ' hubert egemann  '   ( born karlsgrund , kreuzburg    august       died    july      )  was a german politician .    he served the central committee of east germany ' s ruling  ( sed  ( party )  as the head of two related departments covering  (   )  traffic and networks and  (   )  transport and communications . 
  (  ) 
   in toruń
st .  thomas university  ( florida )  alumni
    designated_other _color   #a edef
the seventh series of the show began on    june      .  this series was filmed on location on the island of bali in indonesia .  the series was confirmed on    february      .  the cast members for the series were confirmed on    may      which include  geordie shore  stars chloe ferry and marty mckenna ,  love island  contestants max morley and josh ritchie , as well as  beauty school cop outs  cast member savannah kemplay .  marty and josh had previously appeared in the third and sixth series of the show respectively .  shortly after the series it was announced that dean ralph and jordan wright had joined the cast of  the only way is essex  for the twenty - second series . 
i take issue with quiddity ' s referring to user schizombie of the non - roman character set as merely  schizombie .    there is no obvious connection that the casual reader would notice between  schizombie  and the user ' s signature .   in spite of quiddity ' s false statement that the character set of the signature is irrelevant , contributors to an afd should clearly identify the user to whose comments they refer for the benefit of any casual reader .   
 the cage inc .   -  battle at the border   
the first phase of the main street complex was built in      with the entire project costing $    million .  it was designed to serve as a marketplace and town center for voorhees .  it was built on  , which included a  business complex .  this became known as  main street plaza       .  another business complex , known as  main street piazza  , was established in      .  restaurants , exclusive shops , open gardens , and condominiums were also soon developed .   the radnor corporation , which was canuso ' s partnership for the project , took control of the complex in      .  in      , radnor corp .  sold the complex to brandywine realty trust for $   .   million .  in october      , former president ronald reagan made a campaign stop at the complex . 
  external links  
wikipedia   .   assessments
midland football league  (      ) 
  rd  - score  -     '    ' 
in the united states , there is no federal mandate to address the presence of allergens in drug products .  falcpa does not apply to medicines nor to cosmetics . 
  rd  - score  -     '    ' 
    fumble return yards    
  discharge_location   the pas , manitoba
the earliest known family settled on vilsandi in      and in      this family took the surname of mänder .  over time , as the letter  " ä "  was not familiar to the various non - estonian seamen in the area , some family members changed mänder to mender because it was easier to spell .  by      ,    families lived on the island .  in      a census recorded that    families and     people lived on vilsandi , sustained mainly by fishing  ( flounder , cod , salmon )  and seafaring .  the surrounding ocean is shallow with some depths to  .  in      a seabird museum was built on vilsandi and before world war ii  (       -       )  there were about     permanent residents on the island and about  ,    –  ,    tourists that would visit during the summer months . 
  m .  k .  d .  i .  amerasinghe	  	    –  	  	colts	  	president ' s xi	  		  		  	 	  	amerasinghe	  	m .  k .  d .  i . 
  description of the area  
 main article needed  
 aaron goodmansonalister rowlands
the result of the discussion was     ' speedy deleted as a hoax  '  .    ( talk )        ,    february       ( utc ) 
   ' international conference on differential geometric methods in theoretical physics  ' 
  th century
  –     ' fuda - goshuku（布田五宿）   '  kokuryō - shuku , shimofuda - shuku , kamiishihara - shuku , shimoishihara - shuku , and shimoishihara - shuku are all small posts .  they are collectively referred to as  fuda - goshuku .   ' goshuku '  means five post - stations in japanese . 
 rectovaginal fistula
  result   pdx
the following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to academic disciplines 
   link is not on the  . 
     american television series endings
 harrison j and stephenson m - a  (      )   ' human rights impact assessment  review of practice and guidance for future assessments '  ,   –    , report for the scottish human rights commission
 critical care paramedic endorsement
   ' delete  '  per  .  ndg       ,    november       ( utc ) 
  shortsummary al auditions to be on a sports trivia show to win $  ,    when his tv breaks down .  but when the producer rejects him for having no personality , al trains the dim - witted kelly to be a contestant .  todd christensen guest stars . 
chesapeake , virginia communities
mustafa has been nominated for the department of state human rights and democracy achievement award and has received the superior honor award and meritorious honor award for her work . 
  combatant      safavid empire
         ' gill sans titling  '   roman 
  rd  - score     ,  
 religion southern baptist
 subdivision_name    khoy
rené cottereau  (      -      )  , his brother . 
 align  left      align  left    align  left    ¤ †
  breast cancer  lump in breast and axilla associated with or without ulceration or bloody nipple discharge . 
this position was accepted on    march      , by the high court of england and wales , and purchasers will not be indemnified by the insurer . 
   group ii   
on lord elgin ' s return to china in      , he resumed his former post of chinese secretary , and was mainly instrumental in arranging for the advance of the special envoys and the british and french forces to tientsin  ( tianjin )  , and subsequently towards peking .  for the purpose of arranging for a camping ground in the neighborhood of tongzhou he accompanied mr  ( afterwards sir )  harry parkes on his first visit to that city . 
  rd  - team    l paes r štepánek
       national magazine award winner
  roberto fernández retamar ,  cuaderno paralelo   ( cuba ) 
in his first year in office , edwards appointed his wife elaine edwards , also a native of avoyelles parish , to complete the senate term of the deceased allen j .  ellender .  mrs .  edwards served from august–november      , and during that time , the small town of crowley boasted the governor , a u . s .  senator , and a u . s .  representative  ( former edwards aide john breaux )  , who all lived within a few blocks of each other . 
north american women
   conditions before the accident   
  - id     bgcolor #fefefe
 location   sankrail
south korea football templates
canadian ice hockey players
  republican party presidential primaries ,     
     (   edits ,   major , +    )     
tracy pattin  ( mrs .  van daan ) 
eden reported that crowhurst ' s sailing techniques were good ,  but i felt his navigation was a mite slapdash .  i prefer , even in the channel , to know exactly where i am .  he didn ' t take too much bother with it , merely jotting down figures on a few sheets of paper from time to time .   after struggling against westerlies and having to tack out into the channel twice they arrived at   .    pm on    october , where an enthusiastic bbc film crew started filming eden in the belief he was crowhurst .  there were    days to get ready before the race ' s deadline on    october . 
a brutish blue - skinned biped with a transparent stomach whose singular desire is to feed , the origins of this cyclops creature are somewhat obscure .  the gagoyle was discovered by nightcrawler and blackthorne shore , who learned of the creature through  ancient scriptures  that directed them to a volcanic cave .  there , dangerously high radiation levels served to incubate a cluster of  gagoyle eggs  .  the first hatchling would prove to be the strongest of the brood as it thoughtlessly proceeded to  devour  its nested siblings .  the voracious beast soon fell under the command of nightcrawler , who tried to use it to force metlar ' s hand on the bargaining table .  metlar toppled the gagoyle into a molten chasm where it is believed to have perished . 
railway services discontinued in     
  rd  - team    d pate
munro,doug es         r   esvsm lake oval
  a  rock  or  rock that hollows itself out   (  kefa  )  in aramaic
  external links  
   ' run , man , run   '   (  , also known as  big gundown    )  is an italian - french zapata western film .  it is the second film of sergio sollima centred on the character of cuchillo , again played by tomas milian , after the two - years earlier successful western  the big gundown  .  it is also the final chapter of the political - western trilogy of sollima , and his last spaghetti western .  according to the same sollima ,  run , man , run  is the most politic , the most revolutionary and even anarchic among his movies . 
 nikolai a .  morosow   the revelation to john  -  an astronomic historical investigation   ( die offenbarung johannis – eine astronomisch - historische untersuchung ,     seiten , stuttgart      .  )  
#      -    -              ( utc )   user   ( talk  -       )  to picturepocket/eugene bible college  (  diff  -   undo )   -  link  www . ebc . edu/default . aspx .  .   links added in this diff  www . ebc . edu/ebc_qa . pdf  (    ,   ,   ,   )  www . ebc . edu/default . aspx .   (    ,   ,   ,   )  
  ' asahi gakuen  '   ( あさひ学園  school of the rising sun  )  , or the   ' los angeles japanese school  '   ( ロス・アンジェルス補習授業校  rosu anjerusu hoshū jugyō kō  )  is a part - time japanese school in the los angeles metropolitan area .  the school was founded by the association for the promotion of japanese language education in los angeles .  in      , the school had  ,    students .  the school teaches the japanese language , science , social sciences , and mathematics .  as of      the school teaches all four aspects in each school day .  the japan business association of southern california  ( jba , 南カリフォルニア日系企業協会  minami kariforunia nikkei kigyō kyōkai  )  , previously known as the japan traders '  club of los angeles  ( 日本貿易懇話会  nihon bōeki konwa - kai  )  , as of      financially supports the school . 
  gross            $   ,     ( us re - release ) 
african - american diplomats
  frederick mathesius , an american architect
   october    a ceasefire brokered by the us and the soviet union ends the october war .  
  linecolor    dbad 
  external links  
  r  - length - f    ,   
  editing          albert jordan
southwestern baptist theological seminary alumni
# chan peng soon / cheah yee see   ( semifinals )  
  a fat man with curly blond hair who holds a high position within the a - laws .  he initially appears in the epilogue of the first season , next to kati mannequin in the federation lineup , but is not introduced proper until second season .  he overlooks the a - laws '  operation against katharon , and is highly interested in barrack ' s and louise ' s encounter with gundams exia and seravee , stating that  more equipment  is required .  he is later seen in a conversation with kati manneqin and arba lindt .  after lindt ' s defeat to celestial being , arthur orders that the command be given back to kati manneqin , telling them that failure is unacceptable in a - laws .  he is one of the a - laws officers present in the a - laws party .  he is later seen leading the operations to obliterate the suille kingdom , destroy the africa tower along with the coup d ' etat forces , and attack celestial being using the memento mori weapons .  he is also seen at the speech of the esf president , and later after the operation in episode    to wipe out the gundams and the ptolemaios ii , mocking healing care for her failure to carry out the operation , and also decrying the decision to give her and revive licenses .  his assault , however , fails due to an uprising led by kati mannequin aiding celestial being and katharon , with setsuna killing goodman .  
  euobrimus cavernosus  ( stï¿½l      ) 
   senior football premiers   
       the map in the article is from commons and is originally a screen capture from http //www . openstreetmap . org/   ( talk )        ,    june       ( utc ) 
 from   -   .        till      color quaternary    text q . 
  the above discussion is preserved as an archive of the debate .     ' please do not modify it .   '  subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page . 
 william david powell  (     –     )  , american television writer , son of the actor
monterrey open
in      , the village celebrated its   th anniversary . 
  model - driven engineering  ( may      )    '  high»  ' 
local function states ( args , country ) 
        in fenton
for the arbitration committee,
  image_skyline                     img ferrybankarklow     . jpg
   ' manufacturer  '   this should be the main designer and manufacturer of the type .  if the type has been produced by different companies or different company names then consensus should be reached on a case by case basis on which to use .  example include supermarine spitfire rather than vickers - supermarine spitfire although either is correct the former is used by consensus .  be wary of using non - contemporary names like boeing dc -   or british aerospace spitfire .  
  pattern_la   pattern_b  _thinbluesides pattern_ra   
he died of leukemia in      in westport , connecticut .   nebel was a fellow of the american academy in rome  a national academician of the national academy of design , which holds in their permanent collection a small bronze study of wrestlers  and a member of the national sculpture society . 
  grandma lee ' s
prior to world war i , the german krupp family was one of the leading investors in the mining operations at chiaturi .   in      the mine produced   million tonnes of manganese ore , half the world ' s output .   by the early     s output was only one - third of that      peak , owing both to bolshevic property confiscations and the withdrawal of foreign investment .   in      , the american financier w .  averell harriman became interested in an investment deal that would revive production .   in an ill - fated deal with a soviet government eager to ink a deal with a politically connected american investor so as to assist in its efforts to achieve diplomatic recognition from the united states government , harriman capitalized the georgian manganese company with $  million of his own money , agreeing to pay significant fixed royalties per tonne to both the soviet government and the previous georgian mine owners .   it would serve as the foreign centerpiece of lenin ' s new economic policy .   in its first year of operations ,      , harriman ' s company increased the mine ' s production from    ,    tonnes to    ,    tonnes .   thereafter , however , the harriman venture quickly soured as global manganese prices fell and planned infrastructure  improvements at the mine and on the railroad to poti increased dramatically .   by      , harriman saw that continued operations at chiaturi were not economically feasible and he negotiated a buyout agreement with the soviet government .   
six craftsmen sat , wrought slaughter - spears . 
  ' peter gill  '   ( born   march      , liverpool )  is an english musician .  also known by the nicknames  pedro  or  ped  , he was the drummer with     s pop band frankie goes to hollywood . 
         ' royal national park  '  may refer to 
       bordeaux ec
   that ' s life   (      , tv series )   .  .  .  .  aunt rose
radio stations in canada by owner 
  hugh denis macrossan  (    january      ) 
 after the discussions , namco proposed the idea of his company ' s designing a new character for the title which mcfarlane accepted , and considered it an the opportunity to also create a toy based upon the finished design .  
 notes west end of sh     overlap
    '       '   the first quantum machine
decades in mauritius
 density km         
    december  -  alexander ii crowned at scone
corbyn responded with a statement that the motion had no  constitutional legitimacy  and that he intended to continue as the elected leader .  the vote does not require the party to call a leadership election but , according to  the guardian    the result is likely to lead to a direct challenge to corbyn as some politicians scramble to collect enough nominations to trigger a formal challenge to his leadership .   by    june , corbyn had been encouraged to resign by labour party stalwarts such as dame tessa jowell , ed miliband and dame margaret beckett .  union leaders rallied behind corbyn , issuing a joint statement saying that the labour leader had a  resounding mandate  and a leadership election would be an  unnecessary distraction  .  supporting corbyn , john mcdonnell said ,  we ' re not going to be bullied by labour mps who refuse to accept democracy in our party .  
  university of victoria , british columbia , canada
  rd  - seed   
       '     '     
     establishments in alaska 
after the battle the lithuanians lost the possibility for military initiative and restricted themselves to defensive actions . 
born in capodistria , in what was then the austrian littoral  ( today koper , slovenia )  , he took to sailing from a very young age , and became the captain of a cargo ship when he was only    .  later , in      , sauro became an employee of the shipping company  zuttiati  , connecting ports in istria and dalmatia to san giorgio di nogaro and cervignano del friuli . 
   †  rectoglandulina sp .  
   ' delete  '  , although it ' s certainly not an attack article .  —   (  talk •  •   )        ,   march       ( utc ) 
  school of engineering  civil engineering , computer science and engineering , electrical engineering , mechanical engineering , metallurgy engineering and materials science , biosciences and biomedical engineering  ( bsbe ) 
french people of latvian descent
 castile and león   
    north africa    
 # ·t       ,    february       ( utc ) 
  animal cops in the netherlands  
comics set in the     s
  ' wa - na - ta  '   ( dakota    ' wánataŋ  '  which translates as  one who charges  , or  charger  )  or   ' waneta  '  was a chief of the yanktonai , a tribe of the dakota .   chief wa - na - ta , also known as wanata and wanataan i , was born around      .   the yanktonai were located near the st .  peter river , which is today known as the minnesota river , in present day minnesota .   the yanktonai were said to have a population between five and six thousand individuals with  ,    warriors .   wanata was a very influential chief , as evidenced by his ability to lead his tribes '   ,    warriors into battle . 
file dummy flag . svg walkerville , south africa 
   †  caledogonia globosa  – 
#   ' milan obrenović ii , prince of serbia  '   
# the logo is not used in such a way that the reader would be confused into believing that the article is written or authorized by the owner of the logo . 
  pollokshields church of scotland
the islamic community was established in      during the austrian - hungarian rule over bosnia and herzegovina .  after creation of the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes , the seat of the islamic community was moved from sarajevo to belgrade .  the islamic community of bosnia and herzegovina broke away from belgrade in      , soon after bosnia and herzegovina become independent . 
  campaign contributions at opensecrets . org
  john    -  guitar  (   ) 
at weekends , the service is half - hourly to moorgate & hertford north and an hourly service to stevenage .   london - bound trains ran to/from kings cross in the late evenings & weekends prior to the december      timetable change , but now use the moorgate branch at all times , except for some limited early morning and late night services . 
    - pan
# pyaar ki ye raahe jahan bhi le jaaye , chalo in raaho me kho jaye   -  salma agha , shailendra singh
katie rife from the a . v .  club gave the film a c− grade , commenting   if  scouts guide to the zombie apocalypse  is the future , maybe the world should end .   tim janson from the scifi movie page rated the film   % out of    % , saying   this zombie comedy is short on laughs .  
the   '      united states senate election in rhode island  '  was on november   ,      , alongside a presidential election , other elections to the united states senate in other states , as well as elections to the united states house of representatives and various state and local elections . 
 formercoach  tamara moskvina  viktor ryzhkin
   topiary lucere 
  defintely needed , not much info at the moment though        ,    september       ( utc ) 
  hearts and hugs 爱心  小时  ( guest artiste  episode    -  activity  running ) 
  rd  - seed   
 note   this debate has been included in the  .    ( talk )        ,    june       ( utc ) 
   loan agreement   
  team -    andy roddick
  october    ,       ( tuesday )   
       in thai television
  formerteams   –
     and                                           .         .              f v   
 https //web . archive . org/web/              /http //www . backboneentertainment . com/ archived backbone entertainment
after moving to chicago , muwakkil joined the staff at  in these times  in      and became a contributing writer to the  chicago sun - times  and the  chicago tribune .  
 a talking cat spirit who informs yūta about spirit powers and serves as a guide to get him to save the world .  in episode    , it is revealed that chiranosuke is a cat that ito hikiotani ' s friend from technical school gave to her .  he/she is a chinchilla , which is a type of persian cat . 
  street fighter anniversary collection   ( playstation   , xbox ) 
national cricket league  ( bangladesh )  cricketers 
   liberty bowl   
  the above discussion is preserved as an archive of the debate .     ' please do not modify it .   '  subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page  ( such as the article ' s talk page or in a  )  .  no further edits should be made to this page .   
olympic canoeists of canada
       added to lead     ( talk )        ,    august       ( utc ) 
